Fixing two invalid links (#4151)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/cloud/get-started-with-cspm-for-gcp.md

Two deployment technologies are available: agentless and agent-based. 

* [Agentless deployment](/solutions/security/cloud/asset-disc-gcp.md#cad-gcp-agentless) allows you to collect cloud posture data without having to manage the deployment of an agent in your cloud. 

> * [Agent-based deployment](/solutions/security/cloud/asset-disc-gcp.md#cad-gcp-agent-based) requires you to deploy and manage an agent in the cloud project or projects you want to monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Agentless deployment](#cspm-gcp-agentless) allows you to collect cloud posture data without having to manage the deployment of an agent in your cloud. 
* [Agent-based deployment](#cspm-gcp-agent-based) requires you to deploy and manage an agent in the cloud project or projects you want to monitor.
```
